# CS-300

   **What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?** Our projects focused on building a program that could manipulate bidding data through a variety of means. Our final project was sort of the same, the only difference being the type of data and the method of manipulating it. <br>
    **How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.** For our final project, I approached it by looking at a few metrics of the different data structures, then deciding which one best fit the goal of the project. It's important to consider the different types because they each have their own strengths and weaknesses in terms of performance and complexity, and you want one that can efficiently handle your workload.<br>
    **How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?** I found the official documentation to be really helpful while I was doing my projects. Most of the stuff I was struggling with was more on the side of the core concepts, and the documentation was really helpful for that.<br>
    **How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?** After going through this course I have a deeper appreciation for the effeciency of different tasks. It's opened me up to focusing more on the strategies I implement and how they fit into the purposes of my application.<br>
    **How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?** Throughout this course we were encouraged to practice those three things in all of our projects. Being focused on it and keeping it in mind while I worked on this last project has really helped me structure my code in a way that is much more modular. 
